python/splash/README.md, before:

# Splash
Run as:
```
> chmod u+x start.py # grant execution permission
> ./start.py [YEARS]
```

`YEARS` can be any of the following:
* a single year, e.g.: 1996
* a comma-separated list with no spaces, e.g.: 1996,1998,2003
* a range separated with a dash, e.g.: 1996-2001
* the word "all" without quotes

Within this directory, you must add a `data` directory, organized as:
```
splash/ # current directory
  data/
    1996/
      s0001_LAT_ELEV_1996.csv
      s0002_LAT_ELEV_1996.csv
      ...
    1997/
      s0001_LAT_ELEV_1997.csv
      s0002_LAT_ELEV_1997.csv
      ...
    ...
```

Where 0001, 0002, etc. are the cell identifiers, and LAT and ELEV are the latitude and elevation values for that cell.

Individual files must be formatted as:
```
sf,tair,pn
0.375,12.492242,2.388596
0.375,13.038599,6.419028
0.375,13.142999,13.840825
0.375,11.259424,0
0.375,13.004846,20.105391
0.375,14.797937,3.995099
0.375,9.93783,0
0.375,9.753656,0
0.375,10.229944,0
...
```
where the headers are sf (sunshine fraction), tair (air temperature), pn (precipitation), and each row is one day of data for an entire year.

Commit message:

adds variables to splash output and updates output path designations

python/splash/README.md, after:

# Splash
Run as:
```
> chmod u+x start.py # grant execution permission
> ./start.py [YEARS]
```

`YEARS` can be any of the following:
* a single year, e.g.: 1996
* a comma-separated list with no spaces, e.g.: 1996,1998,2003
* a range separated with a dash, e.g.: 1996-2001
* the word "all" without quotes

In the `start.py` file, the `DIR_PATH` should be set to the directory where input data are stored.  `DIR_PATH` should end in `.../input` (no trailing '/').  The organization of `input` should be as follows:
```
.../input
    1996/
        s0001_LAT_ELEV_1996.csv
        s0002_LAT_ELEV_1996.csv
        ...
    1997/
        s0001_LAT_ELEV_1997.csv
        s0002_LAT_ELEV_1997.csv
        ...
    ...
```

Where 0001, 0002, etc. are the cell identifiers, and LAT and ELEV are the latitude and elevation values for that cell.

Data will be written in a mirrored `output` directory:
.../output
    1996/
        ET_s0001_LAT_ELEV_1996.csv
        ET_s0002_LAT_ELEV_1996.csv
    1997/
        ET_...
    ...
```

        
Individual input files must be formatted as:
```
sf,tair,pn
0.375,12.492242,2.388596
0.375,13.038599,6.419028
0.375,13.142999,13.840825
0.375,11.259424,0
0.375,13.004846,20.105391
0.375,14.797937,3.995099
0.375,9.93783,0
0.375,9.753656,0
0.375,10.229944,0
...
```
where the headers are sf (sunshine fraction), tair (air temperature), pn (precipitation), and each row is one day of data for an entire year.

See the <a href="https://bitbucket.org/labprentice/splash/overview">original SPLASH repo</a> for input details.
*NOTE:* In the above link, it states that latitude is to be expressed in radians, but all example inputs are expressed in degrees.  Check outputs to make sure that values are reasonable.  If not, this is likely the reason.
